feat: docs for evals on platform (#296)
agno-agi/agno-docs: evals/platform.mdx

---
title: Evals on the Agno platform
description: You can track your evaluation runs on the Agno platform
sidebarTitle: Platform
---

<img height="200" src="/images/accuracy-eval-on-platform.png" style={{ borderRadius: "8px" }} />

## Track your evaluations

Apart from running your evaluations on the CLI, you can also track them on the Agno platform. This is useful to keep track of results and share them with your team.
Do it following these steps:

<Steps>

<Step title="Authenticate">
  You can authenticate using your CLI or API key.

  **Using your CLI:**
```bash
ag setup
```

**Using your API key:**

> Get your API key from [Agno App](https://app.agno.com/settings) and use it to log agent sessions to your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get your API key from [Agno App](https://app.agno.com/settings) and use it to link your locally running agents to the Agno platform.
```
